title: Research Links

No list of research links provide complete coverage: the range of
potential resources is as large as the law is wide. Here, we provide
suitable starting points for degree students setting out on
comparative research projects.

Constitute project
: The "Constitute" project provides the constitutions of 160 countries,
in English translation, in a readable uniform format.

Google Scholar
: Google Scholar is both a source of links to academic articles and to US
case law, and works reasonably well with Multilingual Zotero.

JSTOR
: JSTOR provides access to the text of a huge collection of academic articles.
It does not contain the most current materials, but with that single caveat
it is an excellent source for English-language material.

Japan: Legislative Council
: For readers of Japanese, the minutes of the Legislative Council law
reform committees are an important resource for exploring legislative history.

Japan: Diet committee minutes
: Again for readers of Japanese, the Diet Committee minutes can provide
useful background to legislation. The government-maintained archive offers full-text search 
of minutes from all sessions from 1945.

Japan: Supreme Court website
: As a third freely available source for readers of Japanese, the Japanese Supreme 
Court offers a somewhat cumbersome search interface to all Supreme Court judgments
and a selection of lower court judgments.

Lao PDR: National Assembly
: The laws of the Lao PDR are offered through a website maintained by the National Assembly.

Mongolia: Legislation
: Mongolian legislation, including important acts and regulations at the Aimag level,
are published through a single website.

United States: Cornell LII
: The Legal Information Institute at Cornell University publishes the US Code,
the Code of Federal Regulations, and numerous other instruments of the national
government.

United States: Lexis
: Lexis is one of the leading providers of case law and other primary legal
text in the US jurisdiction.

Uzbekistan: LexUZ
: The LexUZ service publishes all decrees, laws and regulations of Uzbekistan.

