title: F.A.Q.
pagetitle: Frequently Asked Questions

1. How much is the application fee and how should I proceed with the
   payment?

   *Answer:* There is no application fee for the ASCI LL.D program in 
   Nagoya University.

2. I received my master’s degree from a college that did not have a
   requirement to submit a written master’s thesis. What should I submit
   instead?

   *Answer:* Normally, a candidate is required to submit the text of a master’s
   thesis written in English. However, applicants who have
   not completed a master’s thesis may submit
   relevant research articles that they have authored in English to
   demonstrate that they possess the research and English skills
   necessary for study at the doctoral level.

3. My master’s thesis and its abstract were not written in English.
   Can I translate these documents into English or Japanese as
   evidence of my ability to conduct doctoral level research in
   English?

   *Answer:* No, translations are not accepted. You are required to present a
   master’s thesis or relevant research articles drafted in the
   English language.  (Also see the answer to the previous question).

4. My master’s degree has no connection with law or political science.
   Am I still eligible to apply for the LL.D program?  

   *Answer:* Technically you are eligible to apply; however, preference is
   given to applicants whose graduate research field is directly
   related to the proposed LL.D program.

5. How many credits do students enrolled in the LL.D program require
   and how many classes do they need to attend? 

   *Answer:* Students enrolled in the Transnational Doctoral Program for Leading
   Professionals in Asian Countries do not need to take any credit or
   non-credit classes. Students must be committed to conduct research
   on an independent basis, however they will be provided with a
   comprehensive support network. As a part of this support, students
   will be required to undergo regular research guidance and academic
   writing training. These activities will generally be carried out
   via Video Conference between Nagoya University’s main campus and
   the local Nagoya University Asian Satellite Campus Offices in the
   student’s home country. The schedule is a matter of negotiation
   between the student, their respective academic adviser and the ASCI
   program’s dedicated academic staff. This scheduling will endeavor
   to take into consideration the busy work schedule of the students,
   however, the program presupposes a strong commitment by the
   students to complete their research in the prescribed three year
   timeframe.

6. Do I have to submit a TOEFL/IELTS score even if I was a graduate of
   a university where instruction language was carried out mainly in
   English?

   *Answer:* Nagoya University will take into consideration applicants without
   TOEFL, TOEIC or IELTS scores if they have previously studied in
   universities where English was the main language of instruction. As
   an evidence, applicants are required to submit any official
   document which certifies about completed English taught graduate
   program.  Further, if the student has received any certificate from
   an institution that formally acknowledges their English language
   proficiency, they are strongly advised to include it in their
   application.

7. Are scholars/practitioners employed in private sector eligible for
   LL.D program admission?

   *Answer:* Candidates from both public and private sectors are eligible to
   apply.  Candidates from private sector must demonstrate that their
   professional duties are related to law or political science.

8. Am I eligible to apply for the program while working abroad (not in
   my own home country)?

   *Answer:* No, all research related activities of the Transnational Doctoral
   Program for Leading Professionals in Asian Countries must take
   place at the Local Nagoya University Asian Satellite Campus Office
   in the applicant’s home country. 

9. I work for the government in my home country, however the Local
   Nagoya University Asian Satellite Campus Office is far away from
   the city I live in. Will Nagoya University cover the transportation
   fee every time I visit local office for academic guidance purposes?

   *Answer:* No, just as students in conventional university programs must bear
   their own transportation and accommodation expenses related to
   their enrolled university, Nagoya University will not bear any
   domestic transportation fees incurred between the applicant’s place
   of residence or employment and the Local Nagoya University Asian
   Satellite Campus Office.

10. Currently, I am enrolled in a separate Ph.D. program. Can I enroll
    in the Transnational Doctoral Program for Leading Professionals in
    Asian Countries at the same time?

    *Answer:* No, the student cannot be simultaneously enrolled in two or more
    academic programs.

11. Does Nagoya University pay the scholarship even when I stay in my
    home country?

    *Answer:* No, a stipend is only to be paid when the student visits the main
    campus in Japan. Each student is required to travel to Japan once
    a year for the first two years and twice in the third and final
    year.  All students from eligible countries will receive the same
    amount of scholarship.


12. Can I send my application data via your office in my home country?

    *Answer:* Applicants may consult with the local office staff in charge of
    Asian Satellite Doctoral Program concerning their application.
    However, at present, applicants are required to submit their
    applications directly to Nagoya University’s main campus in Japan.


13. Can I ask my referee to send the letter of recommendation directly
    to the university by e-mail? What e-mail it must be sent to? 

    *Answer:* Yes, your referee can send the recommendation letter to the
    following e-mail address: `asci@law.nagoya-u.ac.jp` (Once it is
    received, both you and your referee will receive a confirmation
    mail from us)

14. When I submit the completed application form to your e-mail
    address as instructed by the university website, do I also need to
    send the letter of recommendation?

    *Answer:* We request the original copy of the recommendation letter signed
    or sealed by the referee to be submitted together with original
    application form. Your referee can also separately send the
    recommendation letter to our office via postal service. In that
    case your name and the name of the program (Asian Satellite
    Campuses Institute, LL.D Program) must be neatly written on the
    front page of the envelope. You must also confirm with your
    referee whether the original copy of the recommendation letter was
    sent to the appropriate postal address and as soon as
    possible. Refer also to the previous question.

15. Will the screening committee examine my application form which was
    submitted by e-mail in case if the original copy arrives to Nagoya
    University after the deadline?

    *Answer:* The screening committee will examine the documents received via
    e-mail even in case the hard copy does not reach the university
    upon the mentioned deadline. However, if the original hard copy
    does not arrive at all, even after the mentioned deadline and
    decision making process, in that case the application and the
    decision on it will be void.

16. How and where the admission interview will take place?

    *Answer:* Office in the applicant’s home country via videoconference. 

17. When and how are selected applicants notified?

    *Answer:* Successful applicants will be contacted via mail or telephone in
    late July for an October commencement. It is therefore paramount
    that applicants specify a telephone number and email address
    through which they can be easily contacted.
